[pkg/ottl] Add Log() to ottlfuncs (#21825)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `IsMatch("string", ".*ring")`

### Log

`Log(value)`

> The `Log` factory function takes a logarithm of the value if it's numeric.
> 
> The returned type is float64.
> 
> The input `value` types:
> * float64, string, and Int64. Converts to a Float64 and returns `math.Log()` of the converted value
> * bool. Returns `nil` because log(1) is zero and log(0) is undefined so neither are useful.
> 
> If `value` is another type or parsing failed nil is always returned.
> 
> The `value` is either a path expression to a telemetry field to retrieve or a literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Log` Converter returns the logarithm of the `target`.

`target` is either a path expression to a telemetry field to retrieve or a literal.

The function take the logarithm of the target, returning an error if the target is less than or equal to zero.

If target is not a float64, it will be converted to one:

- int64s are converted to float64s
- strings are converted using `strconv`
- booleans are converted using `1` for `true` and `0` for `false`.  This means passing `false` to the function will cause an error.
- int, float, string, and bool OTLP Values are converted following the above rules depending on their type.  Other types cause an error.

If target is nil an error is returned.
```
